---
layout: post
title: 'Today and Forever: Our Events Will Give Back Directly to the Community'
social_img: /img/byteback-cover.jpg
summary: 'Starting today, nclud will ask all event organizers seeking to use our space for public or private industry events to make a donation to Byte Back'
---

<iframe src="//player.vimeo.com/video/66584541" width="500" height="281" frameborder="0" 
>&nbsp;</iframe> 

Starting today, nclud will ask all event organizers seeking to use our space for public or private industry events to make a donation to <a href='http://byteback.org/'>Byte Back</a>: a local non-profit we believe represents our values as a company & community. We’ll work with each organizer to identify a donation amount that best reflects their own ability to support this great cause.

Last year we produced and hosted more than 100 events – we want to do more with this momentum by adding the element of giving back. We validated this new approach in January, with the <a href='https://twitter.com/ByteBackDC/status/426471051422208000'>CapitolHop launch party</a>: resulting in over $1,000 raised by the DC tech community to help low-income residents of Washington DC get access to computer training and employment readiness skills. We’re continuing to raise money with partners like HootSuite, ActionDesign, & with our many <a href='http://nclud.com/events/'>upcoming events.</a>

At nclud, we believe that <a href='https://twitter.com/hashtag/dctech'>DCtech</a> should be more than just a group of companies and individuals building an ecosystem to benefit ourselves. We should embrace the mission of Byte Back and ensure that all of our neighbors, in each and every ward, have access to the tools, technology, and training necessary to participate and add to the success we have all shared.

It's easy to participate in this model of giving, just come to one our events, or step up to program your own. We want you be the reason that your neighbor is able to join the modern workforce. Where would each of us be without that first introduction to the digital world? It's impossible to know, but we can all agree that each of us is better because of it, and will be bettered by supporting Byte Back.

<a href='http://byteback.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Byte-Back-Annual-Report-at-a-Glance.pdf'>Learn more about Byte Back</a>, or to get involved please <a href='mailto:hello@nclud.com'>contact us</a>.

